do you find old fashioned bras simply
don't work for our modern lifestyle
eighty percent of women today where the
wrong size and shape bra with straps
that fall down under wires that pitch
clips and hooks that dig in seems that
cause bulging back fat and underarm
uglies cups that spill lumpy padding and
not enough support but now you can
eliminate all your bra problems with air
brah the light is air broad that shapes
support and styles for the most
flattering figure ever it's perfect it's
like an invisible bra nothing's digging
in your back and you're not reaching
around you can just put it on and you
feel wonderful air bra is the softest
brawl you'll ever wear no straps no
clips no wires no pain and it's so light
it's like wearing a second skin you'll
forget you have it on go from flimsy too
flattering bulging too beautiful and
lumpy two lovely air broads 4ever fit
technology replaces painful wires hooks
and straps with special air knit fabric
that supports and lifts in all the right
places stretch it all you want it never
loses its shape and because it's
seamless air ball a smooth so say
goodbye to embarrassing back fat the
Wonder we've extra Oak band gives you
support without the suffering and never
rolls up wide straps fit perfectly and
never slip off and full coverage cups
custom fit to any size keeping
everything in place no matter how petite
or busty the luxurious air knit fabric
breathe easy and it repels moisture so
you stay cool sizing is simple the size
you wear in a shirt is the size you need
for air brah look ere bra is also a
stylish fashion accessory no matter
where you work or where you go layer it
for different looks you can even sleep
in air bra for proper support day
ight wearing the air fra is like wearing
my most comfortable t-shirt wearing my
pajamas there's nothing falling down it
has the support this air brah is my best
friend it's so comfortable I go to work
in it and I can sleep in it that's the
perfect bra air bra fits all shapes
sizes and ages expensive bras can cost
over one hundred dollars and still don't
deliver call now to get your air bra for
only two easy payments of just 2995 call
right away and we'll send you a second
one free that's another sixty dollar
value your spring but wait we're going
to make this offer absolutely fabulous
call in the next 18 minutes and will
triple the offer and send you a third
heir bra free you'll get each color sexy
nude midnight black and pure white and
it gets even better call right now and
ask our operator how to get the air brah
deluxe lacy set free just pay separate
shipping and handling you get all three
air broad accented with beautiful
delicate lace for sexy looks in nude
black and white each lacy air bra comes
with optional air cup maximizers when
you want extra fullness and cleavage
perfect for special occasions it's the
best raw deal ever that's six air bras a
360 dollar value for only two easy
payments of just 2995 plus you get our
free three-year no fade snake or tear
replacement guarantee if anything goes
wrong send it back for a full refund no
questions asked you get all three air
bras for two easy payments of 2995 plus
shipping and handling and it gets even
better call right now and ask our
operator how to get the air brah deluxe
lacy set free just pay separate shipping
and handling you get six air bras for
the low price of only two easy payments
of just 2995 call now